Add showreel submissions post (#925)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_article/submissions-open-godot-2024-showreel.md

---
title: "Submissions open for Godot 2024 showreel!"
excerpt: "Showcase your Godot creations in 2024! We're inviting submissions of short videos featuring your published or in-progress Godot games or tools. Don't miss this chance to be a part of it!"
categories: ["news"]
author: Emi
image: /storage/blog/covers/godot-showreel-2024.webp
image_caption_description: Illustration by André Marí Coppola
date: 2024-09-05 15:00:00
---

Showcase your Godot Engine 2024 creations! We invite you to submit videos featuring your published or in-progress games or tools so we can make the Godot 2024 Showreel.

The showreels are an informative and celebratory showcase, to highlight the wide array of projects developed using the Godot Engine. If you want to participate and share your Godot-made game, app or tool submit your entry starting today.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Submission requirements:

When submitting your video, please make sure to ensure that these requirements are met. We withold the right to disqualify submissions that do not follow the rules.

- Your game or tool has to be made in Godot
- If your game was featured in last year's showreel, it can not be submitted again
- Submit your game to one catergory only; the final showreel combines all entries into one video
- Your video should be short, ideally between 1 and 3 minutes.
- Do not add logos or text overlays to your video. Our final edit will incorporate watermarks to credit you
- Your video must be captured with good quality and stable framerate. If your project uses Godot 4, consider using [Movie Maker mode](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/tutorials/animation/creating_movies.html)
- All content has to be SFW. Avoid nudity, gore, hateful or shocking content

For desktop games, we recommend the minimum resolution to be 1080p. 60 FPS is a big plus. For mobile games, 720p or higher. The final showreel video will be edited and uploaded in 4K @ 60 FPS to maximize quality.

Don't worry about not having a perfect video! If your game is selected, we may contact you to discuss the video content and give you a chance to improve your submission for the final edit.

```

## How to submit
You can submit your entry in our [Godot Showreel website](https://showreel.godotengine.org/). You can use your Godot account or any other account (GitHub, Discord, etc.) to log in. Before submitting, please read the [submission guidelines](https://showreel.godotengine.org/about).

- ✅ **[Submit your entry](https://showreel.godotengine.org/)**
- 📋 **[Submission guidelines](https://showreel.godotengine.org/about)**
- 📅 **Submissions close on November 1st 2024 at 10:00 UTC**

## Changes from previous years

This year, the Godot Foundation will be selecting some games to be featured as well as the ones submitted by the community. This will be done due to the confusion caused by big titles not being present in past showreels because the developers forgot to submit or were not aware of our efforts. It shouldn't change anything for the submission process, but we wanted to make sure we are transparent about the changes.

## Need inspiration?

> Check out our [showreel playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAS_pUTFA7o&list=PLeG_dAglpVo6EpaO9A1nkwJZOwrfiLdQ8) for some creative sparks and see what makes a great submission!

Reviewer 2: This starts with the second video in the playlist (2022), I think we should adjust the link to start with the first video (2023):
```suggestion
Check out our [showreel playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1_zKxYEP6Q&list=PLeG_dAglpVo6EpaO9A1nkwJZOwrfiLdQ8) for some creative sparks and see what makes a great submission!
```
